I thought I was alone out in the woods
until I heard a branch crack behind me.
And that's when I saw him.
Two beady eyes staring
at me from the darkness.
Then a dozen more.
And that's when I realized.
I wasn't just up against one.
I was facing a whole gaze of raccoons.
Have you seen my peanut butter cups?
You know. the thing
with raccoons is. you
got to think like 'em.
I know they were here.
I've eaten two peanut
butter cups every day
for the past two years.
It's the only thing that
keeps me sane in this place.
- Hey!
- Yeah. other than you. Marge.
I mean. we're rangers.
We should be doing
some search and rescue.
solving a crime... Or two.
Are you doing what I think you're doing?
Peanut butter and chocolate. I knew it!
Stink's all over you. Marge.
Get back to your desk.
Hello? Hello?
Is anybody there? Can you hear me?
Caller. this is grover's
bluff ranger station.
Go ahead with your transmission.
Thank god. I was in a plane crash.
Sorry. ma'am. Did
you say a plane crash?
Yes. Flight tango 371.
My name is lieutenant
Rebecca Lee. U.S. Navy.
And I'm the only survivor.
You think it's those kids again?
Got tired of calling in yeti sightings?
This isn't a prank. Marge.
Flight tango 371 did go missing.
Then why didn't the national
park service send out an alert?
Because that plane
disappeared six months ago.
Third time you've made that sound.
- Need me to call Jimmy?
- No.
No. My arm is just a little stiff.
Yeah. Mine. too.
Except I got shot. so.
what's your excuse?
Baseball. Interagency game
against the FBI was last night.
Baseball?
Is that a new hobby?
Well. it's america's pastime.
How'd it go?
Good. good. It was a tight game.
- Pretty good. Yeah.
- I heard the nats
- pulled it out in the ninth.
- Different league.
McGee played in the
NCIS-FBI game last night.
Ooh. Right.
Those. get pretty competitive.
Yeah. more than you would think.
- Who else was there?
- Nick. actually.
NCIS was short a few
players. so we... we filled in
at the last minute. Ooh.
How'd torres do?
Good morning. champs.
Well. that answers that.
Sounds like you had a good game. Nick.
I did okay.
This guy. he made a double
play and hit the walk-off home run.
Like. and what. you haven't played.
baseball since high school?
It's a team effort.
Spoken like someone who's naturally
good at everything. without even trying.
You know. your-your
words say compliment.
but your tone says something else.
You remember that time
we took you to karaoke.
and you sang "jailhouse rock."
They named a cocktail
- after you.
- Yeah. it was a mocktail.
and. it was delicioso.
You two signing up to play next week?
Yup. Yeah. yeah. yeah. I
need to. sharpen my skills.
It's just. you know. I know
where I left a few runs out there.
Plus. I'm working on a
spreadsheet for optimal
batting order based on the.
on-base percentages for the team.
Gonna do the old
money ball thing. you know?
Speaking of inside baseball.
we've been requested
at the ntsb warehouse in Arlington.
The department of trains.
planes and automobiles?
Why do they want NCIS?
Well. let's you and I go find out. babe.
- Parker.
- Easy. Easy. great bambino.
Let's go.
Everyone makes that assumption.
but the ntsb doesn't handle automobiles.
That's a common
misconception. We mainly focus
on rail. marine and. of
course. aviation incidents.
And this is all you got
left of flight tango 371?
Well. so far. We've been at it a few days.
but there are more pieces coming in.
Humanitarian mission to
Haiti. delivering vaccines.
Flight dropped off the
radar on its way home.
We assumed it got lost
somewhere in the Atlantic.
But it turned up in the
appalachian mountains.
About 200 miles off course.
- How many people on board?
- Five.
Two pilots. two medical professionals.
and one very lucky Navy lieutenant.
Lieutenant Rebecca Lee.
Wow.
She not only survived the crash.
Spent six months alone
- in the wild.
- I've never seen anything like it.
Of course. I mainly deal in
bodies. or pieces of bodies.
Or one time. there was this...
Okay. yeah. No. No. we got it.
- We got it.
- NCIS doesn't typically
respond to civilian aviation accidents.
Even if Navy personnel are involved...
This definitely wasn't an accident.
Grant Lancaster. in-house
counsel for global wings relief.
Glad to meet you both.
I mean. under... The tragic
circumstances. of course.
I'm guessing global wings
relief is the charter company
responsible for this plane?
For the plane. yes. For
the crash. not so much.
A lawyer from the company
isn't exactly an objective observer
when it comes to liability.
I'm sure your investigation
will prove me right.
Wait. Hold on.
You want us to investigate
your plane crash?
Yes.
And we will cooperate fully.
Said no attorney to
law enforcement ever.-.
Play them the black box.
We just recovered it this morning.
Something's coming in hot on the radar.
- Do you see that. Jim?
- Affirmative.
Moving too fast to be a bird.
Then what the hell could it...?
Mayday. mayday. Center. do you copy?
This is flight tango 371.
We have lost power. and we
are attempting an emergency...
- Any idea what hit the plane?
- I can tell you
it wasn't a bird.
Are you saying this plane
was shot down over U.S. soil?
That's what NCIS is going to figure out.
Flight tango 371
was a couple hundred miles off course
when it was allegedly shot
down by some kind of missile.
Plane is owned and
operated by global wings relief.
An ngo that specializes
in bringing humanitarian
aid to hot zones.
It was on its way back from a joint
Navy-civilian mission in Haiti.
Interim director has made
solving this case a priority.
Well. there are several
anti-government groups in Haiti
with the resources to
launch this kind of attack.
Except it happened here at home.
It could be local extremists
who don't like American resources going
- into foreign countries.
- Yeah.
But these groups tend to
take credit for their attack.
Our plane went down six months ago.
and it's been radio silence.
So maybe it wasn't a political attack.
Maybe it was personal.
Maybe one of the
passengers was the target.
Final remains are
being sent to Jimmy now.
Leaving us
with lieutenant Lee. our sole survivor.
Navy public affairs officer.
She was in Haiti documenting
the Navy's involvement
in delivering vaccines.
According to her unit
commander. she was never
supposed to be on that
flight. but one seat opened up
- at the last minute.
- You see?
That's why I never
change plane reservations.
Alone in the woods for six months.
- How is that even possible?
- Looks like
we're about to find out.
Lieutenant Lee's been cleared
by medical and ready to talk.
Lieutenant Lee.
I'm sorry about the racket.
You want some chocolates or cheeses?
I-I... I can't stomach any of it.
No. no. Thank you. We're good.
Hello? No.
She's not interested. Please stop calling.
Reporter from the post again.
This is Michael bell. my field producer.
He was in Haiti with me.
We are just so happy to have her back.
I mean. she's a freaking miracle.
We've been in war zones.
but what Rebecca did...
I'll get it.
What...?
That's better.
So. you have some questions for me?
If you don't mind.
We'll. we'll try to make it painless.
Yeah. Let's get it over with.
Let me get these out of the way.
Lieutenant Lee. I know
this is gonna be difficult. but
what do you... what do you
remember about the crash?
Not much. One minute.
we were in the air.
The next. I'm in the middle of the forest.
still buckled to my seat.
I searched for the other passengers.
but they were all... dead.
Waited for nearly a week.
but no. rescuers came.
That's why you left
the crash site? To try to hike out?
Took whatever I could carry.
Blankets. a broken emergency radio.
a handgun the-the pilot had.
I. hiked for days.
trying to find my way
out of the mountains.
But. winter hit hard.
so I had to make shelter.
hunt for food. try not to freeze to death.
Every day became just about
trying to survive to the next.
Praying for rescue.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Thanks.
- Okay.
I was messing with the
emergency radio for months.
trying to repair it. and
finally. I got it to work.
But it was almost out of battery.
so I set out looking for the
highest ground I could find.
I only had one shot
to make contact. and...
Lieutenant. it's okay.
But I'm hoping you could go back
to what you remember
before the plane went down.
She told you she doesn't
remember the crash.
What about right before the crash?
Anything during the flight stand out?
I'm a nervous flyer. so I distracted myself
by filming out the window. and.
that's when I heard the first explosion.
The first explosion?
- How many were there?
- Two.
or-or three maybe.
You said that you were
filming on the plane.
Did the camera survive?
Yes. I-I... I took it with me
to the shelter. but I... I left it behind.
Footage could have evidence
of what happened to the plane.
You think you could tell us
where to find that shelter?
Yo.
Hey there. slugger. Heard about
the big win last night. But I'm curious.
What is making McGee
go full bull durham?
That would be because of Mateo.
McGee's newly discovered
teenage son is into baseball.
Got it.
Yeah. I think he's trying
to connect with Mateo.
but I don't think it's going well.
McGee wants to invite
the kid to the next game.
because he wants to impress him.
Impress him?
Come on. What? Like. degrees
- from mit and Johns Hopkins aren't enough?
- I know. I know.
I'll talk to him when I get
back from the appalachians.
Jess and I are going up there
to search for lieutenant
Lee's missing camera.
The appalachians.
And you're going dressed like that?
I got a jacket in the car.
Okay. city mouse.
Jess is. wilderness
first responder certified.
She'll make sure you're safe.
First of all. I don't think
I like that assumption.
And city mouse? Really?
You know what? Let's
change the subject.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. To our four victims here.
All four had the same cause of death.
It's the unfortunate combination
of an unstoppable force.
The plane meeting
an immovable object...
the ground... so. no surprise there.
No surprises with their
backgrounds. either.
The pilot has a perfect flying record.
And the passengers were
squeaky-clean aid workers.
So no reason to believe that
any of them would be a target
- of a missile strike.
- That's because
there was no missile strike.
I have gone through
every scrap of ntsb data.
along with Lee's limited
recollection of the crash.
And there is one thing that no
one can seem to understand.
which is why this plane was
several hundred miles off course.
Now. that's a big error.
But the pilots didn't
mention it on the black box.
or to air traffic control. which means...
- They thought they were on course.
- Yes.
Because the GPS was
telling them they were.
You think the GPS was broken?
I'm saying the GPS was hacked.
and the radar system.
Someone was feeding both systems
bad information. sending
the plane way off course.
Okay. so what do you think
made it go. you know. boom?
Well. because whoever
hacked the plane was giving it
a false altitude reading.
When a plane is flying in low
altitude. it requires more fuel.
This plane thought it
was flying low for hours.
That's a lot of extra
fuel in the engine system.
So the engine overheated?
Causing a cascade failure of
the plane's electrical system
and resulting in multiple explosions.
Plane wasn't shot
down. It was sabotaged.
Let's not throw the "s"
word around so easily.
This plane was
sabotaged. Mr. Lancaster.
It's best you accept that.
Kind of hard to accept.
considering aeronautical systems
are among the most
cyber-secure in the world.
Impenetrable from the outside.
But not from the inside.
You think someone from
our company is responsible?
I think we're gonna find out.
I'll need access to your employee files.
Okay. you'll get your files.
You've got your job to do. I've got mine.
Which includes looking down
the barrel at five huge lawsuits.
Actually. it's six lawsuits.
Agent Parker. you're
gonna want to come see this.
- Is that a...?
- Yup.
Any of your bodies
missing one of these?
No. They all came with two.
What exactly does that mean?
It means you had a
stowaway on this flight.
Are you sure you don't
want mosquito repellent?
Yeah. I'm sure. It won't work.
Mosquitos can't resist my natural musk.
How hard that must be for them.
Hopefully. lieutenant
Lee's camera footage
will answer some questions.
Yeah. but we have to find it first.
We've been hiking for.
what. like. three hours?
45 minutes.
But don't worry. The
sooner we find Lee's shelter.
the faster we can get you
back to that cozy chopper.
All right. dora the explorer.
What does Lee's
directions say to do next?
"Head north just beyond
where the river bends.
There's a rock formation
that looks like hens."
Those are not directions.
Those are lyrics to pocahontas.
Well. you know what? I think
that you're getting a little hangry.
And I've got some power bars.
I have got brownie.
I've got oatmeal raisin.
I have got chocolate.
I was saving the key lime for me.
I don't want a protein bar. okay?
I just want to find the
shelter and go home.
This must be hard.
being out of your element.
This is my element. okay?
Just don't want to carry an
rei on my back to prove it.
It's okay. Nick. No one
can be good at everything.
What are you talking about?
I'm the one who found the bush
that's shaped like a
penguin that got us this far.
That was luck.
And don't worry. city mouse.
I got your back.
City mouse always finds the cheese.
That's a whole lot of food there.
- Are you expecting company?
- I wish.
Rebecca got ravenous all of a sudden.
Then lost her appetite
the minute the food arrived.
I don't know how to help her.
But she's in the other room.
She's expecting you.
Thanks.
Just me.
Can't sleep in the bed yet?
No. it just feels... wrong.
It'll take some time. but...
you'll get used to it again.
Promise.
Food. too.
How do you know?
I. had an experience once.
Not like yours. but...
I was held prisoner on a-a boat once
for about two months.
I kind of thought I'd
never make it out of there.
But when I did...
Reentry was complicated.
And before that?
When... when you
were a prisoner. how...?
How did you make it?
Well...
My wife Delilah... she was...
She was pregnant with
our twins at the time.
So. no matter how scared
I was. or how dark it got...
I knew that I had to make it home
to be a father for my children. you know?
So I figure you have more questions?
Yeah. I do.
There's evidence that there was.
a sixth person on the plane.
Do you remember
anyone else on your flight?
No. It was just us five.
And after I buried the others. it was...
It was just me... alone.
Got you.
Okay.
Well...
give me a call if you
can think of anything else.
Or if you just want to talk to...
you know. someone who gets it.
Okay. I don't want to say
that we're going in circles. but
I've now seen that
family of squirrels twice.
and I think they're
starting to talk about us.
Hey. we're not lost. okay? I
know exactly where we are.
I'm just not sure exactly
where we're going.
Give me the notes. let me help.
All right. let's see. It's...
"Head west at the stand of trees
that look like mount rush more."
None of these trees
look remotely presidential.
I think we turn over there.
How could you possibly know that?
I have a feeling.
This isn't Vegas. You
can't just go on a hunch.
These are directions.
There is a right and a wrong answer.
All right. well. we tried it your way.
right. with maps and protein bars.
Let's. give my internal tps a try.
Fine.
But we're not making torres
positioning system a thing.
Jess?
You're gonna want to see this.
If you already found Lee's shelter.
I'm going to seriously
question my life choices.
Just come!
Storm must have uncovered him.
Yeah. and look at the right foot.
Looks like my instincts were right.
I guess I should go to Vegas.
Hey. any luck with those photos
- from Nick and Jess?
- Facial rec is good.
Not that good. Thankfully.
we still have the foot
from the plane debris.
DNA was a dead end.
but I just found this.
A metatarsal fracture from childhood.
Surgical plates usually
have serial numbers on 'em.
If the doctor logged it.
there should be a patient ID.
I'll run it now.
Baseball team has
enough players this week.
No fill-ins are needed.
Maybe you can still
invite Mateo to watch.
Yeah. Jimmy told me.
Sorry. That man loves
a good bonding moment.
I just thought. you know.
maybe baseball would
be my way in with Mateo.
- That was not a bad instinct.
- Except I'm striking out.
Yeah. well. field of dreams
might have been a stretch.
Sometimes it's best to
just show up as yourself.
I do genuinely enjoy baseball.
And I can think of some
things that you like more.
Maybe start with those.
Ooh.
Got a hit on the surgical plate.
Patient was a kid named Cyrus fox.
Looks like that kid grew up to
be an international arms dealer.
Sells to the Russian mob.
cartels.
Yeah. so he was
playing in the big leagues.
Which explains why someone
would want to sabotage the plane.
Yeah. but not how he got
on board in the first place.
Right. 'cause they were
delivering aid. not weapons.
Global wings had to know
that he was on that manifest.
I will dig into the company records
that their lawyer sent over.
Right. I'm gonna loop
in the rest of the team.
Okay.
Wait. McGee got a fox?
Sorry. McGee. Can you repeat that?
Why does this satellite
phone have crappier reception
than my actual cell?
Okay. well. the rangers can help us
get this body out of here.
Let's get back to the
helicopter before it gets too dark.
No. no. I think we
should spend a little longer
looking for the lieutenant's shelter.
I think my tps is feeling like it's close.
Okay. stop trying to make "tps" happen.
Okay. well. it led us to this dude's body.
No. my navigation led
us to this dude's body.
- Okay? You just happened to see him first.
- One more hour.
One more hour. We'll shoot for it.
Come on. Here we go.
Rock. paper. scissors.
- Shoot.
- Aha.
Rock. paper. scissors... Whoa!
- Federal agents!
- Hold your fire!
I got no visual.
Okay. Shots coming from the Ridge.
Hundred yards away.
Same muzzle fire. I
think it's a single shooter.
All right. I got your six. Move.
We can't keep returning
fire. Running low on ammo.
We need to get out of his line of sight.
The hill. I'll cover you. Go.
You hit?
I twisted my ankle. I'll be fine.
All right. We're too exposed here.
There.
You have another magazine?
- I'm out of ammo.
- Just one.
Okay. well. I don't think
Rambo saw where we went.
- Stay put for a while?
- Yeah.
What is it?
Lieutenant Lee's shelter.
- I knew we were close.
- Okay.
Don't celebrate just yet.
With the shooter still outside.
looks like we're gonna
be stuck here for a while.
All right. no sign of
our trigger-happy friend.
But he can still be out there.
You think the shooter had anything
to do with the plane crash?
- Well. can't be a coincidence.
- Yeah.
He did open fire as soon
as we found the dead body.
Maybe this will get us some answers.
Is that the lieutenant's camera?
Yeah. Hopefully. she got footage
of the plane crash and
of the dead passenger.
Looks like the battery's dead.
What?
The sd card is gone.
- We hiked miles for nothing?
- Well. it wasn't nothing.
- We got the body.
- Which we can't get to right now.
Is there anything in that Mary poppins
bag of yours that'll
help us get out of here?
Now you're interested in what I brought?
What about your instincts?
Well. they're a little fried right now.
- Maybe you should have a snack.
- I'm not hangry!
Okay? If I seem annoying.
it's because we've been shot at.
and now we're stuck here.
Okay. well. let's just worry
about getting UN-stuck.
and maybe we can just outrun him.
Jess.
No. it's fine. Nick. I just...
No. Jess. Come on.
Have a seat. have a seat.
You're not going anywhere tonight.
The helicopter is waiting.
Well. and when we don't show up.
they're gonna send a
search party in the morning.
Let's get that ankle elevated.
Come on.
The lieutenant survived
here for six months.
How hard can one night be?
- Any eta - on knight and torres?
- No.
- Reception's been spotty.
- We need to talk
to the lieutenant.
She had to know fox was out there.
You think she knows he survived?
Fox lost a foot in the crash.
yet he was buried miles away
in the same area as
the lieutenant's shelter.
She knows more than she's saying.
I left her a voicemail earlier.
Where is she?
- Michael. what's-what's wrong?
- Rebecca.
She's not at the hotel.
and her phone's turned off.
All right.
All right. Maybe she's getting dinner.
I-I was bringing her dinner.
The hotel room was totally cleared out.
I was hoping that you brought her in?
- She's not here.
- Rebecca can't be on her own right now.
She's traumatized.
All right. we'll put out a bolo.
If you make a statement
with our agent here.
he'll... He'll take care of you. okay?
She lied to us and then ran.
Well. what if she's just
overwhelmed or scared?
I'd be scared. too. if
I'd been in those woods
with Cyrus fox.
I think I figured out why
fox was on that plane.
and it wasn't because
he was a good samaritan.
I dug through those documents
global wings sent over.
Turns out the company is
owned by a shell corporation.
Well. it's suspicious.
but not a smoking gun.
Which is why I dug into
the plane's flight schedule.
Smoke. meet gun.
That plane delivered aid
to dozens of crisis zones last year.
Guess who does business in each one?
Our fantastic Mr. Fox.
Fox was using that global wings plane
as his own personal Uber.
That explains why the
lawyer was reluctant
to hand over their files.
Knight and torres never rendezvoused
with the helicopter.
Maybe they got distracted
by the beauty of the appalachia?
Their satellite phone's last ping
was at the burial site
about two hours ago.
All right. I'll alert the rangers.
Just got to get the blood moving.
Okay. I would love
to watch you work out
for the rest of the night.
but will you please just
get... Get over here?
I'm freezing. So are
you. Look at your fingers.
Yeah. well. my fingers
are always a little blue.
Blanket. now. Don't make it awkward.
Okay. but this is for... For survival.
I'm letting you know
that I'm the big spoon.
No. Okay. you see?
No. I'm the big spoon.
Shoot for it.
Rock. paper. scissors. Shoot.
Little spoon. come to mama.
And spare me the machismo.
No. it's not machismo.
okay? It's pure biology.
I'm. like. quite literally
bigger than you. so...
Can you please stop breathing on me?
Where else am I supposed to breathe?
Everywhere else but on me.
Okay. can you stop wiggling so much?
Well. can you stop digging
your elbow into my ribs?
I...
It's hard to believe. no?
That the lieutenant
would survive out here
without any heat or food or medicine?
I can't believe she
didn't... She didn't give up.
Maybe she found something to live for.
I think he's trying to flush us out.
No way that's happening.
Not when we only have
one mag and bear mace.
You brought bear mace?
Okay. I get it. I'm miss over prepared.
No. no. I'm...
I'm sorry I'm giving
you a hard time. okay?
Honestly. seeing you
be prepared for anything...
it's... It's amazing.
Thanks.
And I will admit that your instincts...
are annoyingly good.
I know. right?
I'm still not calling it tps. okay?
Okay. That's fair. That's fair.
Look. there's nothing we
can do about this shooter
until tomorrow morning.
Yeah.
If we survive till then.
All we have to do is stay warm.
I hope you know I charge by the hour.
How long have you
worked for Cyrus fox?
- Who?
- International arms dealer.
He's been using global wings relief
as his personal taxi service.
And you think I'm on his payroll?
Global wings is owned by
an untraceable shell company
that you helped set up.
My employers value their privacy.
Unless you have actual evidence...
How do you call yourself a lawyer if
you've never passed the bar?
Excuse me?
I called your former employers
and the American bar association.
And neither of them have
ever heard of a Grant Lancaster.
Now. you may not be real. but
the charges you're facing are.
And you're gonna spend
decades in a federal prison
unless you start talking right now.
I am a real lawyer.
For the CIA.
Name's Grant lumpkin. not Lancaster.
Lumpkin?
Can see why you wanted to change that.
- Seriously?
- Honestly. I-I should've known.
Your background team is terrible.
We didn't have time to make it airtight.
We needed boots on the ground
as soon as our plane was found.
Your plane? CIA owns
global wings relief?
It allows us to move in and out of areas
we'd rather not be seen in.
Why was fox on that plane?
Was he cutting a deal?
A deal a year in the making.
He was about to hand
us his entire buyers list.
But someone found out he
was on that plane and leaked it.
So his enemies sabotaged the plane?
Now fox is dead. and so is the deal.
- Who was the leak?
- No idea.
Fox had enemies everywhere.
I cleared my people and moved on.
Well. we've got five bodies
and a Navy lieutenant who lost months
of her life in those woods.
So forgive me if I
don't move on so easily.
You want to try to find that needle?
The haystack is all yours.
I wouldn't.
NCIS. Stand up.
Why are you hunting us?
We can do this here.
or we can do this at the ranger station.
where we're gonna charge you
with killing that guy in the woods.
Whoa. whoa. I didn't kill anyone.
You were certainly trying to kill us.
I was trying to scare you away.
Look. this guy paid me to come out here.
find this cave.
and destroy some footage in it. That's all.
You were sent on a wild-goose chase.
Just like us.
Max Kendrick. tracker for hire.
An impressive wilderness
résumé... poaching. smuggling.
Yeah. don't forget illegal firearms.
- Which he shot at us repeatedly.
- Well. at least
you had the lieutenant's
shelter to hide out in.
Must've made an easier night of it.
Had to be freezing up there.
Kendrick said that
he was hired to destroy
the lieutenant's footage.
- Any idea who paid him?
- The job was arranged online.
Kasie is tracing the payment now.
Whatever is on that missing footage
must be pretty incriminating.
Or the lieutenant knew where it went.
Could be why she ran.
She ran because she's a murderer.
Cyrus fox only survived that plane crash
because somebody
cauterized his severed foot.
- The lieutenant saved his life.
- Yes... and no. I determined
that Cyrus fox died two weeks ago.
Cause of death? Single
gunshot to the head.
Kasie matched the bullet to the gun that
the lieutenant took from the plane.
If they spent all that time
together. why-why kill him
just before they were rescued?
We can ask her ourselves.
Lee was just picked up at a train station.
We went looking for your footage.
We found a grave instead.
That's Cyrus fox.
We found out that you filmed
a Navy psa about his
organization years ago.
I... I didn't know he was out there.
Only reason he survived the crash
was 'cause you cauterized his leg.
And your shelter was definitely
big enough for two people.
You saved his life...
Just to take it from him months later.
That's not what it looks like.
It looks like you murdered him.
Surviving is easier with two people.
Maybe you kept him alive
until you were able to fix the radio.
Then once you could call
for help. and didn't need him
anymore... bang.
I didn't kill Cyrus.
I loved him.
I know. I know what it sounds like.
Okay? But Cyrus was a good man.
Yes. I saved his life...
but he saved mine many times.
Infections. food poisoning.
I wanted to give up. He wouldn't let me.
He gave you hope.
Cyrus wanted to change.
He made a deal with the CIA.
He wanted to help
even if it cost him his life.
It did cost him his life.
He ended up with a bullet in his head.
Cyrus got sick.
Bedridden. actually.
I could barely leave his side.
We fixed the radio. but
the battery was dying.
and we needed to get to
higher ground for a signal.
And he couldn't make the climb.
He begged me to go...
but I cou...
I couldn't just leave
him there. alone to die.
So he made the choice for us.
I left to get water.
When I came back.
he... He took his own life?
He knew it was the only way I'd survive.
Why not just tell us the truth?
Cyrus and I were together for months.
We talked... about everything.
If the people he worked for
ever found out what he told me.
I'd be dead.
That's a hell of a story.
If it's true.
But we don't have any proof.
Just your word.
This is the sd card...
from my camera.
This is all the proof you need.
By the time you see this.
Rebecca... I'll be gone.
But I need you to know...
the crash is the best
thing to ever happen to me.
because it brought me to you.
Well. I get why the lieutenant
took the footage with her.
Most people don't get a goodbye.
He's still talking.
I'm sorry for what I'm about to do.
You need to keep going.
This is the only way to protect our family.
To get you both home.
What... hold up. kase. Pause that.
Did he say "family"?
Lieutenant Lee is pregnant.
Okay. she kept this video a secret
to protect herself and her child
from the people fox worked with.
And fox wanted to protect them. too.
because right after he
makes his goodbye video.
he goes on to list all his buyers.
He kept his promise to the CIA.
But this footage wasn't the target.
In order to make his goodbye video.
fox had to record over some old footage.
Well. that's probably what they're after.
And lucky for us. I
just finished restoring it.
I was so worried.
They-they just have a few questions
about some footage from Haiti.
The lieutenant said that you.
used her camera to shoot some b-roll
at the airport before her flight.
You caught Cyrus fox on camera.
The international arms dealer.
Fox was on the lieutenant's flight.
But then his rival found
out. and sabotaged his plane
to get rid of him.
That's... awful.
Yeah. but you already
knew that. didn't you?
'Cause you're the one
that tipped off his rival.
You also got a. pretty large deposit
on the same day the plane crashed.
But then the lieutenant was rescued
and you knew we'd find the footage.
It was the only thing
connecting you to the crash.
Proof that you knew
fox was on that plane.
So. you hired someone to destroy it.
- I didn't hire anyone.
- Your emails say otherwise.
Rebecca. listen. I didn't
know they were gonna
sabotage the plane.
I swear. I...
I get the feeling she doesn't believe you.
The CIA has agreed
to Bury this entire case.
Yeah. No one will ever know
that Cyrus fox was on that plane.
And you and your baby will be safe.
And this... Is all yours.
This is all I have left of Cyrus.
Well...
almost all.
I never thought I'd do this alone.
You know?
I don't know if I'm ready to be a mom.
Everything you did out
there in those woods
to keep yourself and that baby safe?
That's parenting.
Okay? So. you are already
doing an incredible job.
Thank you.
Good luck.
You're telling me that you didn't see
a single bird out in the woods?
Well. it wasn't a nature walk.
Yeah. we were a little busy
trying not to freeze to death.
Yeah. why didn't you?
'Cause the guy you arrested
was wearing. like. full winter gear.
and you guys had on.
what. windbreakers?
How'd you stay warm?
- Well...
- We just. you know.
- kept moving.
- Kept moving.
See you guys later?
"Kept moving"? What does that mean?
Maybe torres can fill you
in at the game this weekend.
You still inviting Mateo?
I'm not really sure.
I like baseball and everything.
but it's not the real me.
No shame in hanging up the glove.
You can find another
way to connect with Mateo.
One that's more you.
Yeah.
Mateo.
Hey. it's your dad.
Hey. listen. I was
thinking about checking out
my old laser tag spot this weekend.
Any chance you'd want to join me?
Captioning sponsored by and Toyota.
Captioned by media access
group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org